[Music]
here's why kpop is so popular the
phenomenon explained so are you one of
the hundreds of millions of people who
just can't get enough kpop in your life
I feel yeah so that begs the question
how did Korean pop music manage to take
over the world in what seems like such a
short amount of time well if you can't
help but wonder exactly how kpop and
Korean culture in general have become a
global phenomenon then just keep on
watching so be sure to hit that
subscribe button and ring the little
notification bell so that you don't miss
a thing believe it or not this whole
thing goes way back to the 90s since
then a phenomenon called Hallyu or the
Korean Wave has gradually been taking
over the world basically South Korean
culture has been increasing in
popularity for over two decades this
wave includes Korean pop music TV shows
food and cosmetics to name a few Korean
culture first won the hearts of the
Chinese when one of the first successful
Korean TV series is called what is love
aired in China in 1997 and gained over
150 million viewers Korean pop music
also first gained popularity in China
the defining event was a concert by the
boyband h.o.t at the Beijing workers
gymnasium in 2000 h.o.t sold over 12
million records in South Korea alone and
was one of the first successful k-pop
groups to cross into other countries
they successfully paved the way for many
artists to follow their footsteps Korean
pop music is by far the most popular
cultural piece coming out of Korea but
it's not just pop music it covers a wide
variety of genres like hip hop dance pop
techno R&B and ballets after taking over
China the k-pop bug made its way to
Japan it became incredibly popular with
teens and young adults in several
regions of East and Southeast Asia for
the next several years
k-pop would spread in popularity to
parts of Latin America
the United States Eastern Europe in
North Africa in 2009 the girl band
Wonder Girls set their eyes on the
American music market and became the
first Korean musical group to enter the
Billboard Hot 100 chart the kpop fervour
still hadn't fully caught on in the US
though that is until 2012 enter Psy's
Gangnam style the single was released on
July 15 2012 and immediately soared to
the top of South Korea's music charts
during the next several months the song
gained massive popularity in America and
by the end of that year it already had 1
billion views on YouTube it was actually
the first video to hit a billion on the
site as of today the clip for the song
sits at the number 4 spot of the most
watched videos on YouTube with over 3
billion views
Gangnam style remains one of the most
influential songs of this decade and one
of the most famous songs to ever come
out of Asia
according to Bernie Chao the president
of a Korean digital music export agency
psy proved that a contagious worldwide
hit wasn't contingent on singing a song
entirely in English even if most
Americans didn't understand the lyrics
they became enthralled by Psy's music
video fun dance moves and the songs
catchy beat gangam style never actually
made it to number one in the Billboard
100 charts but it gained massive amounts
of followers through the music video
having highly stylized videos is key for
kpop and is proven successful to the
many other artists that followed size
huge popularity proved that there was a
worldwide desire for kpop music his song
did reach the number one spot in the
music charts in over 30 countries
including France Germany Spain Canada
and Australia the success paved the way
for a younger generation of k-pop
artists who are currently breaking music
records bands like Big Bang 2 p-m EXO
and twice have all been riding the Holly
wave but no band can currently claim
such huge success in the US
as BTS can BTS is a seven-member boyband
currently comprised of vocalist
joon-kook jimin v suga jin RM and j-hope
the group debuted its first song in June
2013 and since then has gained
unimaginable global popularity BTS has
an army of loyal fans all around the
world no really
their fan club is officially called the
BTS army in 2017 the guys won the
Billboard Music Award for top social
artists which is an award driven by fans
and social media platforms if that
wasn't successful enough they took the
prize again in 2018 beating artists like
Justin Bieber Selena Gomez and Demi
Lovato on that night May 20th 2018 they
also became the first Korean act to
perform at the Billboard Music Awards
the setting a new precedent now when it
comes to gaining worldwide popularity
the role of social media is undeniable
again side just about broke the internet
with his billions of views on YouTube
BTS has had great success on the
platform as well in fact in August 2018
their song Idol gained over 45 million
views in less than 24 hours breaking
Taylor Swift's record for the most views
on a youtube video debut Forbes also
listed BTS as the most retweeted artists
on Twitter the group twice has over 3.4
million followers on Instagram and
they're very adept at setting viral
trends thanks to their music videos and
the members adorable personalities even
older generation kpop bands like EXO
have seen plenty of success in other
countries and on social media when they
join Twitter they gathered over 11
million tweets regarding their new
account besides social media k-pop has
become a worldwide sensation simply
because these artists put on incredible
performances their live shows are
characterized by impeccable choreography
where all the members dance in perfect
sync
impressive vocals and wow the crowd with
dramatic stage backgrounds their videos
are also true sights to behold their
video concepts are astonishing to the
last detail
but costumes makeup and sets are
designed to deliver a thrilling
experience many k-pop artists have
videos that might seem a little over the
top but they actually bring a powerful
energy on screen that can be addictive
to watch the k-pop artists themselves
also have a larger-than-life
personalities the most famous artists
don't blend in with each other they all
have unique voices and views on the
world that they make sure the public
knows about artists like BTS are also
dedicated to issues that go beyond music
which puts them in the public eye even
more people who don't even know about
their music might encounter them in
other contexts for example in 2017
BTS joined forces with UNICEF to
establish the love myself campaign which
seeks to end violence towards children
and teens around the world it's
currently raised over 1 million dollars
towards that goal and of course all that
aside the music itself is what makes
them so popular even if you don't
understand the lyrics to some of their
songs they still bring on that catchy
song factor but how can a song you don't
understand get stuck in your head well
it all comes down to science a
University of London study conducted
from 2010 to 2013 sought to reveal what
compositional elements make a song
catchy the researchers found that catchy
songs tend to have repeated phrases or
melodies that are really straightforward
yet have intervals where the song
changes unpredictably in certain parts
kpop has just that plenty of catchy
hooks and tunes that are easy to follow
combined with powerful unpredictable
vocals the kpop phenomenon is so big
that being a kpop artist is the dream
for many young South Korean teens for
those who are ready to turn that dream
into a reality they learn how to sing
dance and act from a
young age being a kpop artist doesn't
just happen it's a long process with a
lot of hard work dedication and rigorous
training and for many k-pop groups
they've definitely seen the fruits of
their labor this whirlwind of success
doesn't seem to have an end in sight and
we're all excited to see what bands like
BTS and other new k-pop artists have in
store for us in the future so are you a
fan of kpop if so what's your favorite
band or saw let us know in the comments
below if you've enjoyed the video then
give it a like and share it with your
fellow kpop loving friends for more
bright side in your life just click
Subscribe and join us until next time
[Music]